all right after their evidence we
thought we had just a little bit of foam
separation there was no DAP on the final
layer there was painters tape severe
breakdown no capping whatsoever DAP on
the on the closest layer but as you can
see there's no cap it rips right through
it and then when there's movement
there's damage there's separation here I
don't know what that was because it was
loose here and when we got to shake free
or there just was not sufficient tapping
up there I don't know would you just
sand it or that a little bit to make it
a little more porous yeah yeah there
wasn't enough core preparation not
porous enough surface adapt like further
down here it's probably pretty good but
this is the most crucial we're talking
about how to make a weapon or how not to
make a weapon this part is the most
crucial it's gonna take the most damage
and yeah there's even a little on the
back side and I do not think that had to
do with us removing no and painters tape
it's not bad at all to using a weapon
why it's drying hold it together so
incidental moving doesn't separate seams
this is not gonna hold anything it
doesn't do anything except that take it
off after the weapons trice 16 hours
after weapon build this has no business
on on a weapon it's not going to protect
it it's not meant to protect it it's not
gonna hold anything because it just rips
now if you had advice for people out
there trying to make dag weapons
what could they take away from this
little video okay cap capture cores sand
your cores prep your cores don't get
look at it as an investment and take
time and don't get it hurry okay now
what could they use as caps PVC cap
half dollars half dollars coins of any
type of hard plastic things rubber to
something leather leather tennis balls
no count or like it like classic energy
drink cap I've used like a Mylar
scrapping dough you get a lay old belt
now grown leather lots of things okay
next question what would be a good way
to prepare your course oh is that that
don't happen you said sanding is there a
certain roughness that you're looking
for just to make sure you break the
surface down a little bit so there's
stuff for the deaf to hold on to so yeah
so the smooth just understanding your
core is not an option tape it down with
them uh duct tape you can also score it
with a knife anything just to break if
it's you don't feel like it I would
definitely go with the
tape there is a safety concern with like
fiberglass
particulars yeah but you know if that's
the issue and you're worried about it
you can't do it outside or you have kids
around just take and I would wait at
least five six hours after our tape and
lastly just any final thought you want
to add to this video and honestly every
major step like parm or arrow any major
weapon I'd almost get help at least
someone to walk you through me and I'll
make it for you but I'd get a vet to
help show you and listen to advice when
it's given to you alright